A situation I wouldn’t have imagined,
did you feel the same?
It’s heating up inside my head, but I don’t want it to stop
How close are you to a dream come true?
To a place no one has been too
“We won’t stop” until we get there.
It will probably be tough, but let’s do it together
Hey, hey,
the occasional mayday,
something that I can’t make alone
I (Boku), You (Kimi), I (Atashi),
“like” and “love” all together
Going somewhere and leaving you all alone is just not possible
The sound you gave me,
the bursting HIBANA
From the first meeting,
it was love at first sight
I can’t imagine a future without you,
let’s make it the two of us together, now and forever
Stronger the one person commitment,
the more I want to run away two
I only have three brain cells,
thank you four inviting me
I can’t imagine a future without you,
let’s make it the two of us together, yeah, now and forever
Delusions,
the deepening story
Sentimentality,
becoming super depressed
Compensation,
there is no need for clinginess
Federation of never-ending love, how does that sound?
Hey, hey,
c’mon mayday,
what I can do for you
Is never, never, never ending,
but I want to surprise you so it’s a secret
How your love always wins,
so unfair!
I only want you,
Selfishness is free
It’s stupid to Screeeeaming about the same butterflies
The sound you gave me,
the bursting HIBANA
From the first meeting,
it was love at first sight
I can’t imagine a future without you,
let’s make it the two of us together, now and forever
Stronger the one person commitment,
the more I want to run away two
I only have three brain cells,
thank you four inviting me
I can’t imagine a future without you,
let’s make it the two of us together, yeah, now and forever
Let’s dissect the girl’s heart
Don’t you think anyone would want to be excited?
Android Girl,
is acting up,
the painless kiss won’t leave my mind
We’re vampires too,
It’s ok to suck, go ahead
“I can’t take it anymore”
is not such a bad boy
I’m singing a song like this to make you shine